<br>BUS3023 - BRM Assignment 2 (Research Proposal) <br>Guidelines Research Proposal BRM <br>Deadline:       5pm, 11th April<br>Submission:      via TURNITIN ispace folder<br>                                       One submission per group<br>The title of your file must be as follows:  <br>‘BRM – Research Proposal Group YY’ 1. Proposal Requirements  Formats: Following the topic selection, you need to write a research proposal. You may follow the FYP proposal guidelines that we use in UIC and/or you also could refer to the structure of other research proposals available on the Internet. Furthermore, you will need to present your research proposal in class after submitting it to iSpace. Here is just some recommendation of what your report should include:·   An introduction   where you explain the background and the context of your research. Such information should allow the reader to understand easily what is going on and what is the management dilemma.·   A literature review   aims to gather information about the management dilemma that should help you to better understand your management dilemma. Ask yourself:o   “what knowledge do I need to know to address the management dilemma”.o   “what other people said about addressing the management dilemma”o   “what other people haven’t said about addressing the management dilemma”o   “what is the research gap and how my research can address this research gap”·   A clear statement of the research question   and define the relevant concepts in the research question   Develop your research hypotheses   to address the research question.· 代 写BUS3023 - BRM Assignment 2
程序A simple introduction of what methods/processes   you will use to do the research·   A schedule   showing the timeline and different steps of your researchContent specifications: ·   The first page needs to include your title, your class section, your group members' name  ID, and the date.·   The second page will include the table of contents. Indicate page numbers of different sections and subsections.·   The third page will be the start of the main body of your research proposal. The length of a proposal should be 5 to 7 pages (not including the title, the content page, and the references list).·   Use the APA standards for tables, figures, and references.·   Use 12 font-size Times New Roman·   Use 1.5-line space between lines·   Create sections and subsections·   Put page numbers at the bottom centre2. Proposal Presentation requirements ·   Proposal presentations will be held during week 9 but can be changed depending on the situations; some of the presentations may be scheduled during the reading week.·   Attendance to all presentation periods is compulsory for all unless it is held during the reading week.<br>·   Submit presentation slides to ispace before giving a presentation·   From 8 to 10 min per group maximum. Not all members need to speak.·   Please use PowerPoint. ·   Possible QA after.3. Research ethics: Be aware of plagiarism issues. Plagiarized work will receive zero. Report with more than 30%   similarity will be rejected directly. Reports between 20% and 30%   will be checked in detail. Any AI tools should not be used writing the research proposal. <br><br><br>加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
